mission "Investigate the Anomaly"
  description "Investigate the Anomaly in a nearby system and return to Tebuteb's Table to report what you find."
  landing
  source "Tebuteb's Table"
  waypoint "Southern Wormhole"
  waypoint "Southern Wormhole 2"
  destination "Tebuteb's Table"

  on offer
    dialog "There's an anomaly in a nearby system. This anxious Heliarch official wants you to find out what it is and why there have been warships passing through to the south when there shouldn't be anything to the south."

  on fail
    dialog "Mission failed. You can reload from a save file to try again."

  on enter "Southern Wormhole"
    dialog `The "anomaly" looks like a wormhole. I wonder where it leads. Using the wormhole is part of "Investigating the anomaly"`

  on enter "Southern Wormhole 2"
    dialog `Hmmm. It leads to Quarg space. Given the history of conflict between the Coalition and the Quarg, this probably isn't going to end well. Return to Tebuteb's Table to deliver the bad news.`

  on complete
    dialog "You tell [Contact] that the anomaly is a wormhole and there are battles going on between the Heliarch ships and the Quarg."
    dialog "I must inform the Heliarchs at once. Do not engage the Quarg, they will destroy you. If you desire to help in the inevitable conflict, you may repair our ships, but do no more."
    event "bad news"

mission "Choose a Side"
  description "Return to this planet when you're ready to choose between joining the Quarg and joining the Coalition."
  landing
  source "Tebuteb's Table"

  to offer
    has "Investigate the Anomaly: done"

  on offer
    dialog "Pick a side by leaving and coming back to this planet. You will then get two new missions. One will lead to Heliarch, the other to the Quarg. If you go to the Heliarch planet, you will join them and be a fugitive from the Quarg. If you to the Quarg planet you will join them and be a fugitive from the Coalition. If you don't want to continue the story yet, leave and don't go to either world until you are ready."
    event "remove quarg atrocities"
